." Process this file with
." groff -man -Tascii shortcuts.7
."
.TH zsh_shortcuts(7)

.Sh NAME
.B zsh_shortcuts
- vim-mode zsh keyboard shortcuts for an awesome experience

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B zsh_shortcuts
This documentation is intended to be used to remind me of the shortcuts available in zsh vim-mode. They might just be the default ones, but there might be others I have added.

.SH INSERT MODE
.TP
.B "CTRL + w "
Backward delete a word.

.TP
.B "CTRL + h "
Backward delte a character.

.TP
.B "CTRL + u "
Backward delete line characters from current position.

.TP
.B "CTRL + e "
Edit command using $EDITOR. To exit accepting the changes to the command use :x, else :q!; the command won't auto execute once the buffer is sent back to the terminal.

.TP
.B "ESC "
Enables normal mode.

.SH NORMAL MODE
.TP
.B "/       "
Search histoy from last to first. You can iterate the history results as usual with n and N.

.TP
.B "?       "
Search forward in history. Currently doesn't make any sense as it we will need to traverse backwards to see any result and it will be the same behavior as with /.

.TP
.B "CTRL + e "
Edit command using $EDITOR. To exit accepting the changes to the command use :x, else :q!; the command won't auto execute once the buffer is sent back to the terminal.

.TP
.B "diw     "
Deletes word under the cursos; it won't include the following white space. For more information look at vim `:text-objects`.
.TP

.B "daw     "
Deletes word under the cursos; it will include the following white space. For more information look at vim `:text-objects`.

.TP
.B "i       "
Enables insert mode before the current character.

.TP
.B "a       "
Enables insert mode after the current character.

.SH CREDITS
.PP
This man page is created to remind what's possible using zsh by Hector Sab.
